Add Python walkthrough (#8227)
posit-dev/positron: extensions/positron-python/resources/walkthrough/bundledExtensions.md

> Positron already includes several extensions to support Python development, such as Jupyter for notebook support, Ruff for linting and formatting, and Quarto for publishing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Positron already includes several extensions to support Python data science, such as Jupyter for notebook support, Ruff for linting and formatting, and Quarto for publishing. 
```

Positron already includes several extensions to support Python development, such as Jupyter for notebook support, Ruff for linting and formatting, and Quarto for publishing. 
These are installed automatically the first time you launch Positron.

> In addition to these, Positron uses built-in extensions to power core features like the Python backend that connects your code to the IDE interface. 

Author: I'm not sure how much people care about this part, but it seems important to mention that Positron already comes with everything to run Python
